update readme (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/how-to-show-aspxpopupcontrol-on-the-aspxgridviews-custombutton-click-e4424: Readme.md

# Grid View for ASP.NET Web Forms - Show the Popup Control on the Grid's Custom Button Click

<!-- run online -->
**[[Run Online]](https://codecentral.devexpress.com/e4424/)**
<!-- run online end -->

> This example demonstrates how to show the [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl) on the [ASPxGridView](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxGridView) custom button click.

Reviewer: Can you please clarify what a `custom button click` is?

Author: There is a custom button in the grid's Command column. When a user clicks this button, the popup control is shown.

Reviewer: Then something like `This example demonstrates how to show the [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl) when a user clicks the custom button in the grid's Command column` would be better

Author: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to show the [ASPxPopupControl](https://docs.devexpress.com/AspNet/DevExpress.Web.ASPxPopupControl) when a user clicks the custom button in the grid's command column.
```
